♪ And the home of the brave ♪
♪♪
SCOTT-HERON:
The first revolution
is when you change your mind
about how you look at things
and see there might be another
way to look at it
that you have not been shown.
PROTESTERS: NYPD!
SCAHILL: The brutality
against protesters,
the para-militarization
of law enforcement.
CARRIE: That's why
we have to keep trying.
P.E.: We don't need a police
state in this country
to fight terrorism.
We need a new strategy.
SCOTT-HERON: The revolution will
not be televised.
GREENWALD:...the system
of indefinite detention...
SCAHILL: FBI and the CIA
targeting Muslim communities...
DEMARCO: Security. Got an
agitated non-compliant patient.
-Get away from me!
-What's his name again?
-Peter Quinn.
SCOTT-HERON: You will not be
able to stay home, brother.
You will not be able to
plug in, turn on, and cop out.
-It's a very alarming charge.
-The Russians
hacked our committees.
WOMAN: The continuation
of endless war.
QUINN: Can't you get that
through your fucking skull?
SCOTT-HERON: The revolution will
put you in the driver's seat.
SCAHILL:
The U.S. continues to engage
in a covert war
with very, very high stakes.
SAUL: I made promises
and didn't keep them.
PRIEST: This world began
right after 9/11.
SCOTT-HERON: The revolution will
not be televised,
not be televised.
There will be no rerun,
brothers and sisters.
The revolution will be live.
CHAFFETZ: Which agency?
McCULLOUGH: I can't say that
here in an open hearing, sir.
QUINN: You saved me.
CARRIE: Yes.
QUINN: Why?
(switch clicks)
(shirt thuds)
(grunts)
(faucet squeaks)
(gas hissing)
(door rattles)
(exhaling sharply)
(grunting)
(hissing continues)
(gagging)
(screaming)
-(continues screaming)
-Quinn. Quinn. Quinn!
Quinn, it's me.
-(continues screaming)
-Quinn. Shh.
-It's me. It's Carrie.
-(breathing heavily)
You're okay. You're okay.
You're in my house.
You're safe. You're safe.
(breathing heavily)
Shh.
(exhales deeply)
That must have been
some dream.
(exhales deeply)
(inhales deeply)
(breathing deeply)
Just breathe.
(inhales deeply)
(exhales deeply)
Quinn, no. Quinn, no.
Hey, come on, Quinn!
What are you doing?
(exhales deeply)
I-I thought you were--
No, I wasn't. (scoffs)
Oh, shit.
FRANNY: Mommy?
Hey, sweetheart?
Go back upstairs, okay?
Go on. Mommy will be
right there.
(ascending footsteps)
Okay. Quinn...
You're coming down from
a lot of medication. I get that.
But if you're gonna be
living in my home
with me and my daughter...
(cellphone vibrates)
(vibrating)
-I'm gonna be out all day.
(cellphone continues vibrating)
Uh...Franny's gonna go
with her nanny after school.
-Should I call Max to--
-I don't need a babysitter.
(vibrating continues)
-Fine.
(cellphone clicks)
Reda?
I need you in the office now.
-What's goin' on?
-Conlin just called
to ask why the hell you were
harassing his informant.
I expected him to report
the meeting.
Which is why you should've
avoided him in the first place.
When can you be here?
Uh, soon as I get Franny
to school.
As fast as you can.
(receiver thuds)
-(sighs, whispers) Fuck.
(cellphone clicks)
(engine revving)
They're still with us.
Police?
-No. SSD.
-Lose 'em.
(tires screeching)
(suspenseful music plays)
(engines revving)
How we doin'?
Still there.
♪♪
(tires screeching)
(tires screech)
-Ready?
-Ready.
(brakes squeal,
indistinct conversations)
(engine revving)
(indistinct conversations)
♪♪
Mr. Greenburg?
(engine idling)
(indistinct conversations
continue)
Hold on.
(engine revs)
(indistinct conversations)
-(sighs)
REDA: Hey, you called me.
I'm just having
an honest reaction here.
And no, it isn't
business as usual.
I'm gonna fight you on this.
Goodbye.
(receiver thuds)
-Who was that?
Ortiz. They're withdrawing
the plea deal.
-What?
-Yeah, we're going to trial.
And that means
Sekou's looking at 15 years
-in a Federal Supermax.
-Come on, Reda.
-They can't do that, can they?
-Withdraw the plea deal?
Sure they can,
given sufficient grounds.
And defying a court order
on an issue
of national security
is plenty sufficient.
There must be some way
to fight this.
How 'bout going back
to the judge?
It was her order you defied,
Carrie.
I hardly think we'll get
a friendly audience there.
But Saad told the FBI
to back off.
He told them that Sekou
was no threat.
They practically had to shove
the five grand down his throat,
for Chrissake! I mean,
surely, we can use that.
How? By putting you on
the stand? Last time I checked,
you were still a member
of the defense team.
Simone was there, too.
She heard everything.
She's the defendant's sister.
Not a credible witness either.
(sighs)
This isn't the arrangement
we made, Carrie.
-What do you mean?
-Our partnership.
You were supposed
to secure funding,
investigate, advise.
What you weren't supposed to do
was take matters
into your own hands,
break the law.
-I'm sorry, Reda. I fucked up.
-Yeah.
You did.
-Where you going?
-Downtown to the MDC
to tell Sekou what's going on.
-No, I'll do it.
That's not necessary.
No. It's my fault.
I'll tell him.
(engine rumbling)
(indistinct conversations)
(engine revving)
(jazz music plays)
(woman singing
in foreign language)
(doorbell rings)
♪♪
(door creaks)
(door closes)
This yours?
I share it
with a girlfriend.
Very nice.
-Business is good.
-(chuckles)
You can leave your money
over there.
♪♪
Here.
(inhales slowly)
(exhales slowly)
♪♪
Come on.
There's a killer view
from the bedroom window.
(sighs contentedly)
(door rattles)
What is this?
(punch lands)
-(Nafisi grunts)
(coughs)
(gasps sharply)
(grunting)
(coughs)
(wheezes)
(coughing)
(wheezing)
Don't try to talk. You won't
be able to for a while.
Probably a good thing, too.
That way, we can skip
all the formalities.
You know, demanding to speak
to your consul,
threatening a grave
diplomatic incident, et cetera.
You are Farhad Nafisi, a member
of the Iranian delegation
to the Ninth International
Conference
on Applied Aerospace Science
and Technology.
Not your only reason
for being here, though.
In fact, you've attended
very little of the conference.
Truth is,
your main purpose here
is to negotiate
an illegal arms deal
on behalf of the Iranian
Revolutionary Guard Corps...
with a little personal business
on the side.
(pictures rustling)
I understand, believe me.
I can only imagine how dismally
these would be viewed
by your superiors
back in Tehran,
especially when
it's revealed to them
that your little Mina
is actually Mossad.
At best, your career as
a government official is over.
At worst...well,
you know better than I do.
Let's just say certain organs
of State Security
would be involved.
Mm.
What do you want?
I want you to think about
everything I've said.
Catch your breath.
In five minutes or so,
we'll be into your phone.
I'll be back then.
(chair scrapes floor)
(door opens)
-(sighs)
(door closes)
TOVAH: The Iranian delegation
does everything in groups.
Eat in groups, shop in groups,
go for walks in groups.
Not Nafisi. He's different.
He holds himself apart.
Dines alone,
walks the beach alone.
Plus, he gets here two days
after the others.
Presumably on the heels of
his alleged trip to North Korea.
Nothing "alleged" about it.
We have footage of him
boarding a private plane
in Tehran,
which was then tracked
to Samjiyon Airbase.
With a refueling stop
in southern Russia.
And I understand
a change of aircraft.
You don't really know if he got
as far as North Korea, do you?
It's the logical conclusion.
I'm not here to draw
conclusions. I'm here
to find objective evidence
of a parallel nuclear program.
Forgive me, but I have doubts
about your objectivity.
Everyone knows you support
a deal with Iran.
Just as everyone knows
you're already convinced
they're cheating on it.
(buzzer, door opens)
(door closes)
(buzzer, door unlocks)
Where's my lawyer?
Where's Mr. Hashem?
I need to talk to you
about something.
(sighs)
(chair scrapes floor)
(chair clatters)
Sekou, do you remember
the judge
who ordered us
to stay away from Saad?
Yeah. So?
I disobeyed the judge's order.
I found Saad.
Why?
I thought I could make him admit
something that would help us.
Did he?
Yes.
But we can't use it.
And he reported me to the FBI.
And as a consequence,
the government has withdrawn
your plea offer.
I'm sorry.
I wasn't interested in
their offer anyway.
Seven years? (chuckles)
Forget that.
I don't think you understand.
Understand what?
Where's Mr. Hashem?
Sekou, just --
just listen, okay?
There is no more plea offer.
Not for seven years,
not for three.
The government has decided
to take your case to trial.
But we can't go to trial.
Mr. Hashem said
that would be a mistake.
Yeah, I know what he said.
Yeah, he said I could get
15 years.
The thing is, we don't have
a choice anymore.
Well, then, tell them that
I'll take the plea.
Tell them I will take
the seven years. Just tell them.
It's no longer an option.
I defied a court order.
I am s--
I am so, so sorry.
You're sorry?
I could be 40 years old
before I get outta here!
Look, I will find a way
to fix this.
(slams table)
-What are you talkin' about?!
-Somebody! Get me out of here!
-Hey. I promise you --
Help!
Get your hands off of me!
(buzzer, door unlocks)
How could you do this to me?
(melancholy music plays)
(door closes)
Feeling better, I hope. You
gonna tell me about
your dealings with First
Emirates Bank here in Abu Dhabi?
(speaks Farsi)
Joseph.
Open your eye.
-(grunting)
-Open it. Open it wide.
-Open it. There you go.
-(grunts)
(click, beep)
-SAUL: Got it.
Good.
Says here you have
$120 million line of credit
at First Emirates,
Little over half of which was
accessed in the last week.
So?
Compliant banks,
correspondent accounts,
these are the same tactics used
to counter UN sanctions,
fund Hezbollah,
export your revolution
to the rest of the world.
Is that a compliment?
(lighter clicks,
cellphone thuds)
What's the money for
this time?
(exhales)
You're not Israeli, are you?
You're American.
Answer the question.
But I thought
we were friends now.
Friends don't sponsor terrorism.
What's the money for?
A down payment on a delivery
of Russian anti-aircraft
batteries.
-SAUL: S-400?
-NAFISI: You've heard of her?
Well, of course you have.
She's a beast, no?
Not scheduled for deployment
till late next year.
Yeah.
We're getting ours early.
How'd you swing that?
Apparently, Mr. Putin
believes in discouraging
our Zionist neighbors from
starting the next World War.
I hope they're listening.
First Emirates Bank
is a known facilitator
for countries trying to sell
parts and technology
tied to
nuclear weapon systems.
Ah.
So that's what all this
is about?
Well, that and your recent trip
to Samjiyon Airbase.
(chuckles)
Excuse me, but no.
Now you've got the wrong man.
I've never been
to North Korea.
You landed in Irkutsk first,
then onward
in a different plane
to Samjiyon.
I was in Irkutsk to meet
with Kremlin officials.
It's where the S-400
is manufactured,
for your information.
-And after that, you went
to North Korea to discuss
a parallel program there.
Fantasy. You -- you have
no evidence of this whatsoever.
What's the range
of the S-400?
More than 250 miles.
-Up to what altitudes?
-NAFISI: 90,000 feet.
How many targets can it track
simultaneously?
300, with the ability
to engage 36 of them
at any one time.
(photographs rustle)
I'm...I'm free to go?
You can go,
but you're not free.
Copies
of these photographs
can be e-mailed to everyone on
your contact list at any time.
Understood?
Something you should know.
What?
Iran doesn't want
a nuclear weapon.
It never did.
-Nonsense.
-It's true.
Three decades of sanctions
were killing us.
We had to find a way
to get them lifted.
So we started spinning
centrifuges.
That got some attention.
So we spun some more.
Even more attention.
In the end,
all we had to do
was negotiate away
a program
we never wanted
in the first place.
We'll be in touch,
Mr. Nafisi.
(door slams)
What are you doing?
-You're letting him go?
-I am.
You believe that bullshit
for one minute?
-I didn't. No.
-I don't understand.
The S-400 is classified
as a defensive weapon.
Iran has every right to buy it
under the agreement.
So why is Nafisi drawing funds
from a covert account
to pay for it?
-Exactly.
-(sighs)
Far more likely,
he's transferring the funds
directly to the North Koreans,
who also use First Emirates as
their bank of choice in the UAE.
And you will
tell Dar Adal this?
I will.
Thank you.
You must be gratified.
And you're disappointed.
Just because I believe in
the merits of the deal
doesn't mean
I'm any less concerned
about Iran cheating on it.
(distant clanking)
(electricity crackles)
(distant thud)
(crackling stops)
(exhales sharply)
(rumbling)
(object rolls, thud)
(blade zings)
(suspenseful music plays)
(floorboards creaking)
(footsteps)
(lock clicks)
(clicking)
(clicking continues)
♪♪
(door closes in distance)
Then it's as we feared?
A parallel program?
(cellphone beeps)
-SAUL: Well...
it was complicated.
I don't understand.
You didn't break him?
He was IRGC-trained.
Breaking would have taken days.
We had hours.
Who did the interview?
SAUL: I just told you, I did.
Goddamn it, Saul. You should've
put Tovah on him.
It was her operation.
She made the call.
Well, what do I tell
the President?
What do I tell Keane?
Just thinking about that.
It's déjà vu, Dar.
-We've been here before.
-What do you mean?
Well, the last time
we were wrong about WMDs,
turned into
a national nightmare.
Are we wrong here?
No, I don't think so,
but...
I didn't think so
then either.
-Sorry to interrupt.
-Listen, I gotta go.
I'll write up the report
on the flight home.
DAR: Good.
I just needed the folder,
Mr. Greenburg. For the shredder.
Oh, no worries.
I can do it.
-You sure?
-Truth is, I love to shred.
(indistinct conversations,
folder clatters)
(whirring)
(whirring continues)
♪♪
(whirring resumes)
(insects chirping)
(engine turns off)
(switch clicks)
-WOMAN: Come on, guys.
(car door closes, switch clicks)
-WOMAN: Get your stuff.
Honey, uh, take the boys inside.
I'll be in, in a sec, huh?
WOMAN: All right.
(house door opens)
-Hey, Roger.
Christ, Carrie.
You should've called first.
Old habits.
This is my home.
-I need a favor.
-Of course you do.
I need the transcript of a call
placed between these two numbers
within 24 hours of this date.
-No way.
Just listen.
This is a call between
an FBI agent and his informant.
-Definitely no way.
-Discussing a kid I represent.
The government's saying
he's a terrorist. He's not.
First of all, we --
we don't have access
to actual conversations,
just a record of their calls.
-Oh, please.
-Even if we did,
this is the kind of thing
that kills careers.
I shouldn't even be
talking to you.
Come on, Roger. We went out
on some limbs for each other,
way out on some limbs.
-It's different now.
Look, this isn't Baghdad.
Please. I fucked up
this kid's life.
He could get sent away
for 15 years.
I'm sorry. I can't.
Bye, Carrie.
I'm gonna text you
those numbers anyway.
(melancholy music plays)
(house door closes)
(indistinct conversations)
DAR: Saul,
where the hell are you?
About to cross into
the West Bank, actually.
What happened?
Why the change of plan?
Guilt happened.
Your crazy sister, huh?
I didn't make it to
her husband's funeral last year.
And I am
in the neighborhood.
-How long you plan to stay?
-SAUL: Couple days,
or until we murder each other,
whichever comes first.
I gotta say, you picked
an odd time for it.
I'm just about to go in
and brief Keane.
SAUL:
What are you gonna say?
That we're still
developing the intel.
Sounds right. 'Bout time
you learned to stand
on your own two feet anyway.
-I'm hanging up now.
(cellphone clicks)
MAN: Thank you, sir.
(indistinct conversations)
MAN: Yes, sir, I understand...
(continues indistinctly)
(indistinct conversations)
(door opens)
(indistinct conversations
continue)
Sir. This way.
(door closes)
-DAR: Madame?
Sit, please.
I understand you're going to
brief me on Abu Dhabi.
That's correct.
And I assume The President's
been briefed.
He has. Last night.
Not by me, but yes,
he's up to speed.
Rob's not going anywhere if
that's what you're waiting for.
You two broke bread
on this subject already.
(glass clinks)
Where's Mr. Berenson?
He's still in the field.
I wanna talk to him
when he gets back.
-If you wish.
-(scoffs) I wish.
(pitcher clatters)
I hate to be the bearer
of bad news.
It appears Iran is violating
the nuclear agreement.
How?
By pursuing a parallel program
in North Korea.
"Appears to be."
The evidence is
more than credible.
Saul calls it conclusive.
Mr. Berenson does.
Yes.
How soon before they actually
have a weapon?
Well, as you're aware,
the North Koreans already do.
The issue now is compatibility.
That is, pairing
the existing warheads
with Iranian ballistic missiles.
Motherfuckers. (sighs)
Who else knows about this?
The Israelis, of course.
The British.
Jesus. Just how big
does this club get?
That's up to the President.
The question is, what's he
going to do about it?
Okay, what would you do?
Call the Iranians out?
I would. Yes.
I'd also impose
snapback sanctions,
sail the Fifth Fleet into
the Strait of Hormuz,
stop all this
accommodating the enemy.
Is that what you're advising
the President to do?
I'm not advising him
to do anything.
My job is to present
intelligence,
not recommend policy.
Unless you're asked.
That's right.
Well, you can guess how I feel
about your advice.
I'm an old spy, Madame.
I trust old friends.
New ones? Not so much.
Well, I'm gonna try
not to take that personally.
That's not what I meant.
I hope not.
Otherwise, you should feel free
to ask the Director
for someone you're
more comfortable with.
You know what? I don't think so.
I think I'll stick with you.
As you wish.
I wish.
(telephone ringing in distance,
indistinct conversations)
-Hey, Carrie.
-Hi. Is Reda in yet?
Haven't seen him. Some flowers
came for you, though.
Flowers? From Mr. During?
Don't know.
They're in your office.
(indistinct conversations
continue)
(envelope rustles)
(telephone rings in distance)
-WOMAN: Good morning.
(woman speaks indistinctly)
(cellphone chirps)
(touchscreen chirping)
CONLIN: Did he agree
to meet our guy?
-SAAD: He won't do it.
-CONLIN: Work him harder.
-Come on, Conlin.
-You wanna finish your time?
You know I don't.
You gotta push him
to meet Hafiz.
I'm -- I'm telling you,
he flat out refused.
CONLIN: Were you wired up
when he said all that?
SAAD: Well, like always.
CONLIN:
Delete the conversation.
-SAAD: What'd you say?
-CONLIN: You heard me.
-CONLIN: Delete the recording.
(cellphone chirps)
You're really something,
Mathison.
I gotta hand it to you.
You are a dog
with a fucking bone.
Your own informant tells you
the kid is harmless.
And what do you do? You just
keep pushing and pushing.
-Who's the one with the bone?
-He was on the brink.
Not even close. Even if
he was, when did we start
arresting people for crimes
they might commit?
Somewhere between 9/11
and Orlando.
Is that also when we started
fabricating evidence
and obstructing justice?
(scoffs) Look...I don't know
where you got that tape,
but it ain't gonna hold up.
I'll take my chances.
What do you want?
All charges dropped.
Ha. Are you high?
Sekou Bah cleared and released
by tomorrow morning,
or this goes to
the Attorney General.
(telephone ringing,
indistinct conversations)
(engine revving)
(engine continues revving)
(child shouts indistinctly,
car approaches)
(child shouts indistinctly)
(dog barking in distance,
engine idling)
(car door closes)
-Saul.
-(chuckles)
Been too long.
I'll admit, I was surprised
to hear from you.
I should've come
when Moshe died.
Come.
We'll have a meal,
then we can talk.
This way.
I remember.
A lot more houses since
the last time I was here.
We've grown.
Almost tripled in size.
View's the same.
Moshe chose this spot
so the Arabs could see us
every day
and know we're never leaving.
I remember that, too.
(insects chirping)
DORIT: That's Daniel.
His 7th birthday.
That's Jacob,
Dabi and Rebecca's third son.
-SAUL: Mm.
-DORIT: He's 6 now.
-Looks like his father.
-(chuckles)
He's always getting
into trouble,
so naturally,
he's my favorite.
(distant rapid gunfire)
Does that bother you?
I don't hear it anymore.
-Now, Saul...
(dogs barking in distance)
Tell me about Mira.
What happened?
(dogs continue barking
in distance)
What happens between people.
I made promises
and didn't keep them.
She did the same.
I'm sorry.
Seems like
a million years ago.
And there's been
no one since?
No.
(inhales sharply)
I wish you could stay
for Shabbat.
Both boys come with their wives
and all the children.
Maybe next time.
I tell them stories
about Indiana,
being one of eight Jewish
families in the entire town.
(chuckles)
How you were my protector.
(laughs) Hey, even when you
didn't want my protection.
(chuckles)
We were so close.
After I married Moshe,
you practically disappeared
from my life.
I visited when I could.
Afternoon now and then.
Moshe and I saw things
differently.
He was my husband.
You could've tried to
understand his point of view.
Did he try
to understand mine?
You could've bent a little
for my sake.
There's no bending
with a fanatic.
After you met him...
You changed.
Moshe opened my eyes
to the false life that mother
and father had us living --
exchanging Christmas presents
with the neighbors,
doing everything we could
not to offend anyone
with our Jewishness.
Moshe made me proud
to be a Jew.
He turned you
against your family.
He brought you to live
in a place that's not yours,
where you don't belong.
(exhales) Please, Saul,
let's not do this.
Haven't you driven enough people
from their homes already?
(sighs)
Bulldoze their villages,
seized their property under laws
they had no part in makin'?
This land was promised
to Abraham.
Ah, yes. Promise.
A covenant with God made
thousands of years ago.
(sighs)
Doesn't that strike you
as a form of insanity?
(exhales)
You don't understand, Saul.
You never have.
I love the life
that God has given me.
How can you love
making enemies?
How can you love knowing that
your very presence here
makes peace less possible?
I have a family,
a community,
a life filled with faith
and purpose.
Saul...what do you have?
(gate clanks)
-Hey.
(horns honks in distance,
vehicles passing)
-What is this, a group home?
-Come on, let's go.
What do you want, baby?
You wanna party?
No, I wanna see
your boyfriend, Tommy.
Oh, well...he's not gonna
give you your money back.
I don't want my money back.
Then what?
That's between him and me.
What do you say you and I
go eat some Thai instead?
Just give me the keys.
(sighs heavily)
(horn honking in distance)
(car door closes, engine starts)
(train tracks rattling)
(indistinct conversations)
(engine rumbling)
(engine turns off, horn honks)
Baby, don't do this.
-Please?
-Which one is his?
I can get you what you need,
and we can have a good time.
Tommy...
(voice breaking)
He will fuck you up.
Now are you going to tell me
or do I have to start...
...knocking on doors?
Number 18.
Thank you.
(seat belt unlocks, clatters)
(man shouting indistinctly)
(vehicles passing)
(muffled conversation)
(knocks on door)
TOMMY: Yo, hold on!
(lock clicking)
Clarice ain't here.
Oh, I'm not looking
for Clarice.
What then?
Business.
(siren wailing in distance,
door locks)
I saw a video of you on YouTube,
gettin' gassed in the shower.
-Ah, I haven't seen it.
-Yeah, you lived it, I guess.
(gun thuds)
-(sniffs) You wanna sit?
No, I'm good.
Hey, man,
if I knew who you was,
I never would've
knocked you out.
-Ah.
-But you just kept dancin'.
Yeah, I hear music sometimes.
-(chuckles)
(train passing)
-How much for your gun?
-What?
I-I wanna buy your gun.
How much?
It's not for sale.
I figure you paid $700 for it.
I'll give you $1,500.
$2,000.
(exhales deeply)
Okay, $2,000.
Uh, with a free bump.
(chuckles) Deal.
Oh! Jesus Christ!
What the fuck, man?!
Fuckin' spaz.
(tense music plays)
(smack)
-(grunts)
Fuck, man! Aah!
(groans)
So...
-That's the $2,000 I owe you.
-(Groans)
Less the $2,000 you stole
from me, leaves what?
How much I owe you now?
Z-zero. N-nothing.
You're fucking right.
(groans)
(siren wailing in distance,
indistinct conversations)
(horn honks in distance)
(light jazz music plays)
(indistinct conversations)
MAN: Hi, Carrie.
Good evening.
(water spraying)
(dishes clatters)
Phone.
You know,
I don't know your name.
-Thoms.
-Thoms, I'm Carrie.
It's nice to see you again,
Carrie.
Carrie,
thank you for coming.
Of course.
Have a seat.
I have been coming here
for years.
Aaron proposed to me
in this restaurant.
Not here.
Out there, but...
(whispers) I won the place
in the divorce.
(chuckles)
It's almost true. He got
the house in Lake Placid,
and I got exclusive rights
to the steak au poivre.
-Wine?
-Oh, not for me, thanks.
Although, I could use it.
(chuckles)
Right. Forgot. Sorry.
No, no, it's fine.
Let's get business out
of the way before we order.
Tell me.
This question with Iran,
it could get me stuck
in the starting blocks.
I had a visit from Dar Adal.
He outlined some very unpleasant
options in the event
that Iran has found a way
around the IAEA inspections.
And have they?
Apparently,
that parallel program's
underway in North Korea.
Saul Berenson said this.
Mr. Berenson wasn't
in the meeting,
but his report called
the evidence conclusive.
Really? He used that word,
"conclusive"?
According to Mr. Adal,
he did.
So you didn't actually see
the report yourself.
No.
-Ask for it. Read it.
-Why?
Intelligence officers usually
hedge their bets. It's...
It's kind of an art form.
We use phrases like
"best judgment,"
or, I don't know,
"degree of confidence."
That's why when George Tenet
said "slam dunk,"
we all sat up
in our chairs.
Hmm.
The other thing
you need to do,
if you don't
mind me saying...
-Please, it's why you're here.
-Reach out to President Morse
and make sure he knows
that you're unconvinced.
That way,
whether the Iranians are
cheating on the deal or not,
no decision gets made
without your input.
KEANE: I will.
I'll do that tonight.
And thank you.
You know they say
that presidents
don't make new friends.
I'm hoping we're the exception
that proves the...
(dramatic music plays)
(dog barking in distance)
♪♪
(cellphone vibrating)
(lock turns)
♪♪
(dog barking in distance)
(door clanks)
♪♪
(vehicle approaches)
(car door closes)
-MAN: Get down.
(engine idling)
I said get down.
(shifts gears, turns off engine)
(door opens)
(door closes)
♪♪
-- Captions by VITAC --